Add python reference docs (#350)
nitrictech/docs: docs/reference/python/v0/storage/bucket-file-delete.md

---
title: bucket.file.delete()
description: Delete a file from a bucket.
---

Deletes a file within a bucket.

```python
from nitric.resources import bucket

> // Create a readable/writable reference to an 'assets' bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a reference to an 'assets' bucket with permissions to delete
```
